*{color:blue}Created by MEDEVIT Austria <office@medevit.at>*

h1. Geo information AT creation package

This package creates a derby geo information database containing the zip codes, names of communities and streets of Austria.
The data used as a base for this is taken from the following sources:

|_. Dataset |_. Source |
| Communities and ZIP codes | "STATISTIK AUSTRIA - Gemeinden":http://www.statistik.at/web_de/klassifikationen/regionale_gliederungen/gemeinden/index.html - Gemeinden sortiert nach Gemeindenamen mit Status und Postleitzahlen |
| Streets | "STATISTIK AUSTRIA - Strassenverzeichnis Österreich":http://www.statistik.at/verzeichnis/strassenliste/gemplzstr.zip |

h2. License

According to Friederike Dvorak from "Register, Klassifikationen und Methodik" of Statistik Austria, the data is free to use, if no money is earned with it.

Here is the relevant text, from an email request concerning licensing information:

pre.. 
Mail from 29. September 2011 11:41:17 MESZ

Sehr geehrter Herr Descher
Leider Melde ich mich erst jetzt, da ich auf Urlaub war.
Natürlich können sie die Listen Einbinden in Ihre Datei, wenn sie mit dieser Datei keinen Handel betreiben

Mit freundlichen Grüßen

Friederike Dvorak
Register, Klassifikationen und Methodik
Guglgasse 13
1110 Wien

-----Ursprüngliche Nachricht-----
Von: Marco Descher [mailto:***] 
Gesendet: Dienstag, 20. September 2011 12:10
An: DVORAK Friederike
Betreff: Strassenliste Österreich

Sehr geehrte Frau Dvorak, 

für die freie open-source Software Elexis (www.elexis.ch) möchten wir gerne dem Anwender die Möglichkeit bieten basierend auf einer selektierten Ortschaft eine Liste der Strasse
zum Zwecke der schnelleren Eingabe zu erhalten. Aufgrund Ihres Hinweises unter http://www.statistik.at/web_de/klassifikationen/regionale_gliederungen/strassen/index.html
fragen wir hiermit an, ob eine solche Nutzung (Download der Daten und Einbindung in das Programm für nicht-kommerzielle Zwecke) gestattet ist.

Vielen Dank für Ihre Hilfe und beste Grüße,
Marco Descher

h2. How to build an updated data set

# Fetch the up-to-date files from the respective sources and put them into the correct locations
#* Streets go into @rsc/gemplzstr/@
#* Communities and zip goes into @rsc@
# Convert the data source files to UTF-8, e.g. by using @iconv@
#* On OS X this is for example done using @iconv -f ISO-8859-1 -t UTF-8 $i > $i.utf8@
#* *{color:red}FAIL: This is NOT QUITE RIGHT YET!*
# Modify the @buildDerbyDB.xml@ file to have the correct locations
# Modify @Main.java@ to have the correct locations
# Execute the @buildDerbyDB.xml@ to create an up-to-date @geoInfoAT.jar@ within the @lib@ directory
# Use the derby database contained within @geoInfoAT.jar@ to integrate into your specific plug-ins

h2. What to do with it?

Currently the generated @geoInfoAT.jar@ is being integrated as geoname provider into the new contact plugin. Please see
@at.medevit.elexis.geonames.at@ for further information.